# phishing-url-detection-using-Emsemble-method
Phishing is a fraudulent activity that aims to deceive people into providing sensitive information such as login credentials, financial information, or personal details by masking  as a trustworthy entity. Phishing URLs are one of the main tools used by cybercriminals to carry out phishing attacks. A phishing URL is a website address that is designed to trick users into believing it is a legitimate website, often by copying the look and feel of the original website. There are different methods and techniques that can be used to detect phishing URLs. This project deals with application of machine learning technology for detection of phishing URLs by extracting and analysing various features of legitimate and phishing. Machine learning algorithms can be trained to identify phishing URLs by analysing features such as domain name, URL length, presence of certain keywords, and other characteristics. In our case we are proposing the use of ensemble method which could provide optimum results. This approach can be effective in detecting previously unknown phishing URLs, but it requires a large amount of data to train the machine learning algorithms. In conclusion, detecting phishing URLs is a critical aspect of protecting against phishing attacks. A combination of the methods mentioned above can be used to create an effective phishing URL detection system. It is essential to remain vigilant and keep up to date with the latest phishing tactics and techniques to stay protected against these attacks.
Our project uses a dataset containing various features of phishing URLs, such as the domain, https etc. The dataset is processed and applied in decision trees on different samples and takes their majority vote for classification. Each algorithm is trained on the pre-processed dataset to classify phishing URLs as either legitimate or non-legitimate. Overall, the use of our proposed model in the project provides a robust and reliable approach to phishing prevention, reducing the risk of falling victim to phishing attacks with the accuracy of 87%, in detecting potential phishing links.
